‎In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
‎Just a normal girl with a normal life.
‎But there's something about me
‎that no one knows yet.
‎Because I have a secret.
‎♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
‎♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
‎♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! ♪
‎Mommy! I wanna go on the merry-go-round!
‎Pretty please?
‎As many times as you like, sweetheart.
‎It's Sunday!
‎Yay!
‎When were paid holidays
‎instituted in France?
‎Oh, please don't talk about holidays.
‎But it's for your history test tomorrow,
‎Marinette!
‎OK. First paid holiday, summer 1936!
‎Good job! Uh... you're drawing
‎on the T-shirt right now.
‎-Aaah!
‎-Perhaps you should take a little break?
‎I can't, Tikki! It's all due tomorrow!
‎Tomorrow. Tomorrow!
‎Marinette!
‎Ultimate Mecha Strike tournament time!
‎Video games?
‎It's been so long
‎since I last played video games.
‎No! I can't give in! Dad, with the T-shirt
‎for Kitty Section, the History test,
‎the sketches for Jagged's new poster,
‎I still have 72 hours of work left
‎to fit in by tomorrow.
‎And the week after, that's worse!
‎I don't have a choice.
‎I have to stop playing!
‎Stop playing? But, Marinette,
‎playing is like that little pinch of salt
‎in baguettes. It makes life tastier!
‎I've got so many cakes baking in the oven,
‎they're all on the verge of getting burnt!
‎No amount of salt is gonna fix this!
‎Fine. That's too bad. But remember,
‎watch your apple pie, sweetheart.
‎It's bubbling all over your cinnamon flan.
‎Oh, why does she have to grow so fast?
‎It's a part of life.
‎So... best of three do the laundry?
‎Ha!
‎ You got me! I don't believe it.
‎You've been practicing in secret!
‎ Triple Cosmic Kick! Bam!
‎- Yes! I got you!
‎- Oh, no!
‎So, paid vacation was instituted
‎to allow workers to... ?
‎Take a break. Play video games.
‎No!
‎Found it. It really was just a dream.
‎I filled it out, for real!
‎Now, I just need to finish
‎the Kitty Section T-shirts,
‎-review my English lessons and colouring.
‎- It's for my new video game.
‎Ah! Video games.
‎Colouring the poster.
‎ I'd love to test
‎your video game, Max,
‎but I promised Prince Ali
‎we'd go on a charity cruise
‎on his yacht this afternoon. Sorry.
‎-Kim!
‎-Yeah?
‎Interested in the best fighting game?
‎100% created by your best friend!
‎A fighting game he designed himself...
‎Aaah! What's wrong with me?
‎I'm sure I'd get highest score,
‎but I've got swimming practice.
‎Ondine's waiting for me.
‎Alix! You up for testing my game?
‎It has 50 characters,
‎and you can loot their equipment!
‎50... Loot... Aaah! No, no, no, no!
‎No, can't do.
‎I've got a skate contest coming up!
‎No winning without training!
‎It sounds amazing, but I've got fencing,
‎then my Chinese lesson, a photoshoot...
‎A game with former akumatised people?
‎-What do you say?
‎-We still have plenty of pages to finish!
‎We'd gladly help, if it weren't for
‎our costume fitting at Marinette's!
‎Ah! Marinette!
‎The most skilled gamer in the whole class!
‎We won the interschool
‎tournament together!
‎-Of course she won't say--
‎-No!
‎-But I haven't said anything yet.
‎-And I don't want you to say it!
‎Because then I wouldn't be able to refuse!
‎And I have to resist!
‎I've got too much to do today!
‎A poster to sew for Jagged Stone!
‎I mean, a Jagged T-shirt
‎for drawing Kitty. I mean... Argh!
‎What Dupain-Cheng is trying to tell you,
‎using this ridiculously fake excuse,
‎is she doesn't want to play
‎your dumb video game!
‎In fact, no one wants to,
‎because everyone has
‎a more interesting life, even Marinette,
‎-which is saying something!
‎-No, It's not a fake excuse!
‎I do have a Jagged poster to knit Kitty!
‎No! To post a stone. To stone a jag.
‎Aaah! I'm late!
‎Ah, Markov! At least I can count on you!
‎Sorry, Max. I'm connected to the worldwide
‎artificial intelligence network.
‎We're looking into global warming.
‎But I need you to help me
‎test my video game.
‎Impossible. To optimise my results,
‎I have eliminated all recreational
‎activities from my system.
‎Oh, how depressing!
‎All of his friends having such important
‎and serious things to do!
‎I, however, love a good game,
‎and I've got all the time in the world!
‎Fly away, my little akuma,
‎and evilise him!
‎Nice to see you again, Gamer 2.0!
‎Our last little round felt
‎a little incomplete.
‎So, how about a rematch?
‎I could give your game
‎a whole new dimension.
‎One thing hasn't changed, though.
‎I'm only asking for one tiny reward.
‎Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous!
‎Game on!
‎One more ticket for--
‎Huh?
‎-Something smells bad around here, Plagg.
‎-Oh, could it be Brie? Reblochon?
‎-Camembert? Please tell me it's that.
‎-No. I smell evil!
‎ Plagg, claws out!
‎The last one!
‎What do you do when no one wants
‎to play with you? You give them no choice!
‎-Max?
‎-Ladybug, Cat Noir,
‎all of these people were once akumatised
‎and then saved by you!
‎If you want another chance at freeing
‎them, you'll have to play with me!
‎I think you're gonna have to take a break.
‎Let's make it quick.
‎I still have a lot to do!
‎Tikki, spots on! Yeah!
‎-The first one who finds a way in wins!
‎-We don't have time to play!
‎I've got a ton of other things to do!
‎So, Ladybug and Cat Noir, ready to play?
‎Please enter your pyrapod.
‎-What if it's a trap, milady?
‎-No, I'm sure it's not.
‎He just wants to play.
‎So, let's keep in touch!
‎ Take your pyrapod!
‎Welcome to Miraculous All-Star Brawl!
‎If you win, I'll set you free.
‎-You and all of them! But, if you lose...
‎-I don't have time to lose, Gamer!
‎Let's begin and get this over with!
‎ Your hastiness
‎will be your downfall, Ladybug.
‎My chance of winning has just shot up 86%!
‎The Mime! Riposte! Ready? Fight!
‎ I'm gonna slice you into sashi-mime!
‎Wouldn't you be better off
‎with Cat Noir lending you a helping paw?
‎ I know what I'm doing!
‎Careful!
‎The mimed object disappears if you talk!
‎ Thank you, Captain Obvious!
‎- Au revoir!
‎- Aaah!
‎‎ Ring out! Mime wins!
‎Talking on purpose? Miming your own yo-yo?
‎Clever as ever, milady!
‎-I won, Gamer 2.0! Release us!
‎-A game with just one round?
‎Where's the fun in that?
‎It doesn't end
‎till you've battled all the characters!
‎-But this is gonna take forever!
‎-That's the best part about it!
‎-The longer, the better.
‎- My turn! My turn!
‎Frightingale. Stormy Weather. Awesome!
‎But a little too awesome
‎for a first battle. Oh! My copycat!
‎No, I'd be too good as myself.
‎That would be too easy.
‎ Hurry up! Choose Copycat
‎and cataclysm this game away
‎so we can get back home!
‎Fine. If we need to hurry this up...
‎- Roo! Roo!
‎-You've got to be kidding me!
‎ I've always wanted
‎to train pigeons!
‎  There aren't even
‎any pigeons in this stadium!
‎ Roo! Roo!
‎ There is one!
‎And I'm gonna call him Fiery Phoenix!
‎ More like Megaflop Phoenix!
‎It's gonna be the fastest victory ever!
‎Aaah! Go away, you flying rat!
‎ Double-ankle grab and smash!
‎ Somersault wrap trap!
‎ Feathered face wash!
‎ The volatile's elbow!
‎‎ Mr Pigeon wins!
‎ Pound it, Fiery Phoenix!
‎-Impossible!
‎-Can't we play the whole match in one go?
‎Then it wouldn't be fun anymore!
‎We've got more rounds left,
‎plus the finale!
‎If you ask me, this was never fun!
‎Befana! Dark Owl! Ready? Fight!
‎You called for coal, bird brain?
‎ Owl mist!
‎ Hoomerangs!
‎ Aaah!
‎Ring out! Dark Owl wins!
‎ Hoo-hoo! No one is as laser-precise
‎as The Dark Owl!
‎-You got lucky, that's all!
‎-My turn!
‎This brings back memories!
‎ ‎Reflekta! Rogercop!
‎Oh, come on now!
‎ They see me catwalking.
‎ They hatin'!
‎ Aaah!
‎-‎ Reflekta wins!
‎-Stop boasting, Cat Noir.
‎ We're not here to have fun!
‎We must end this fast!
‎‎ Copycat! Puppeteer!
‎ Cataclysm!
‎ Copycat... come to life!
‎-‎ Puppeteer wins!
‎-Ouch! That sure was fast!
‎ You wanted to speed things up!
‎And now you're going to lose even faster
‎than you thought, Ladybug!
‎We will not lose!
‎-Hey! It's my turn to--
‎-I refuse to lose!
‎No biggie. Be my guest.
‎ ‎Gorizilla! Stoneheart!
‎-Ring out! Stoneheart wins!
‎- Ha, ha! I win again, Loserbug!
‎Uh, milady, you OK if we review
‎your strategy just a tad?
‎ I'll show you.
‎‎ Anansi! Stormy Weather!
‎Ready? Fight!
‎ Cyclone!
‎ Surprise!
‎ Aaah!
‎-‎ Anansi wins!
‎-Ha, ha! See, milady? Milady, you OK?
‎-Cat Noir, I think I forgot how to play!
‎-OK, I got this.
‎Lady Wifi! Timebreaker! Ready? Fight!
‎ Milady, the best way to win
‎isn't about knowing how to play!
‎It's all about loving to play!
‎Playing is the best way to do something
‎you'd never do in real life!
‎So have some fun, my Bugaboo, and Gamer
‎won't have a chance at beating you!
‎"Playing is the best way to do something
‎you'd never do in real life!"
‎Yeah, there could be something
‎I always wanted to do.
‎Be my guest!
‎Evillustrator! Volpina! Ready? Fight!
‎ Mirage!
‎ Aaah!
‎-‎ Ring out!
‎- Oh, that felt so good!
‎ No cockroaches in my kitchen!
‎Ice-cream feast! Yum, yum!
‎ Found you. Fired you!
‎ ‎Par le fer!
‎ Aaah!
‎This is what you call "knight fall"!
‎Ah, she's so paw-some!
‎- I...
‎- Love...
‎- This...
‎- Game!
‎-May I remind you this is not just a game!
‎-You're the one who wanted us to have fun!
‎I think we're ready for the final, boss!
‎Stop hiding behind your toys
‎and get in the ring, Gamer 2.0!
‎I am the final boss. But how are we going
‎to figure out who should battle me?
‎What do you mean?
‎I'm sure you'd agree that two against one
‎would be very unfair.
‎So the only way to know which one of you
‎will take me on
‎is if you two fight each other!
‎‎ Ladybug! Cat Noir!
‎ What are you waiting for?
‎Start fighting!
‎Or everyone will be imprisoned forever.
‎We can't let this happen!
‎You know I love
‎battling by your side, milady.
‎But I could never fight you.
‎Cat Noir, what are you doing?
‎Giving you some extra time.
‎No! Cat Noir!
‎I trust you to bring me back, milady!
‎‎ Ring out! Ladybug wins!
‎ You wanted to get this over with.
‎Now, since this is the final battle,
‎in addition to your own superpower,
‎you get to pick four items. Although...
‎I wouldn't even bother if I were you,
‎because I'm going to beat you
‎no matter what.
‎You know what? Cat Noir's right.
‎I'm going to take my sweet bug time!
‎-I'm happy you're enjoying the game!
‎-I'm going to enjoy winning this game!
‎And by my rules!
‎Lucky charm!
‎  What a newbie you are!
‎Are you expecting to beat the creator
‎of this game with a bag of flour?
‎And a few other items!
‎ Given what you chose, in precisely
‎one minute and 36 seconds, you will lose.
‎‎ Ladybug! Gamer 2.0!
‎I would've loved for it to last longer,
‎but my statistics are never wrong.
‎Did your statistics predict this?
‎Cataclysm!
‎What in the... ?
‎ I am the game master!
‎ I can play any character!
‎ You thought you'd break me
‎with that ridiculous magic trick?
‎Be a nice fairy
‎and give me that Miraculous!
‎What?
‎ That's not fair! So not fun!
‎ You're ruining the whole thing!
‎Oops! Sorry! Aren't your hits having
‎any effect? In chess, it's called a "pat".
‎A can't win, can't lose situation.
‎What was it that you said?
‎Oh, yeah. "The longer, the better."
‎  It could have worked,
‎if I didn't just have
‎to wait for you to transform.
‎Checkmate, young Ladybug!
‎Bested by your own game!
‎ Cyclone!
‎ Hoo do you think
‎you're foo-hoo-ling?
‎Aaah!
‎ I've won! You're out, Ladybug!
‎ No! There's no way!
‎I don't believe it! Ha, ha, ha!
‎There's a bug in your game, Gamer!
‎ No! That's impossible!
‎Even the best games
‎by the best designers have bugs.
‎‎ Ladybug wins!
‎But sometimes they don't.
‎You got me! Good game!
‎Miraculous Ladybug!
‎My pigeons!
‎ No more evil-doing for you,
‎little akuma.
‎Time to de-evilise!
‎Gotcha!
‎Bye-bye, little butterfly!
‎No more games, Ladybug.
‎I'll get my revenge and when I do,
‎you won't even remember
‎the meaning of the word "fun"!
‎Hey, between being a superhero
‎and everything else,
‎how do you manage to still have fun?
‎Aren't you scared you'll have to sacrifice
‎everything you love for all of this?
‎The times when I have the most fun,
‎my favourite moments,
‎are when I'm with you, milady.
‎I'd give up everything for just that.
‎Mom, Dad, I know I don't have time
‎to play with you guys these days,
‎but Max does,
‎and he has a video game he designed,
‎which he needs to test,
‎with tons of bugs in it!
‎-A video game he made himself?
‎-With bugs to find?
‎-To the living room!
‎Tikki, I'm almost done with the T-shirts.
‎Jagged's poster can wait, can't it?
‎It sure can, Marinette.
‎Leave a few bugs for me. Here I come!